As we all are aware about the rappid advancement and evolution being made in context of artificial intelligence and Natural language processing
(NLP),One of the popular NLP is chatgpt. ChatGPT, now has become a primary tool for every men. ChatGPT allows user to ask question and give response.
The response are fast and most of the time, accurate. I might not have to explain about ChatGPT, we all have seen the work done by it. well how
it does that. The simple answer will be , it is trained on very large dataset. This one might not satisfy you understanding. So i will give you an
example.
               lets take a 10000 pic of dog and cat and input it in the computer. now give a image of cat and ask it what is it. it is most likely
               to predict that its a cat, why is this? Well what the machine does when you give a image of cat and dog, it tries to find the pattern
               between dogs and pattern between cats. when it findd it. it gives you the prediction that's all. prediction may not be every time right
               but even if it predicts wrong you can feed that again with the right prediction

well we know chat gpt can do a lot of work, but rn it is limited. it cannot access your file. it can write a letter for you but cant send that.
In Normal words , it can only say how to do some work. it cant do it by itself.
What i am trying to do is , i am trying to make something that will allow me to take chatgpt prompt and convert it to command and execute them so ,
i can make everything automated. from texting you friend to writing a mail to your boss. from recommending movies to automatically playing
movies you would want to watch. from adjusting your home environment condition according to you to diagnosing disease by keeping track of you food
and health. from automatically debugging code to giving you voice access of the os. The possibilities are endless and , even i dont have the idea
what more we can do. it can help in research , education , economic,  finance and health . Well we can do a lot with this.

Now what i am trying to do is for the starters , i am trying to figure out wether a sentence is a command or a normal sentence.
We can do it in lots of ways. Okay said by me, easier said than done.
well What i was thingking is if we can see what normal sentence and command sentence is made of and if we can draw a pattern between them,
then we can use logistic regression (machine learning approach) to train a model to predict if the sentence is command or normal sentence.
and for this we might need a bigger dataset to train the model and get better accurate result.

we if we are able to get the first part done ,then we will take the recording and try to predict if the recording is a conversation or a command
sentence, well this is one of the most challenging part. i haven't thought about it rn. but  i will give it a though after i complete the first part

